[Music]
hey it's Christmas
PopSugar Christmas every month it's
their favorite box to unbox it in Manor
doesn't feel heavy this month no it
doesn't but a lot of you guys have been
telling us on Twitter that it's a good
month and that we're gonna be excited
and that in our words we would say go
get you some oh gosh yeah so we don't
know really quickly PopSugar is a
monthly subscription service it's like a
lifestyle boss it's $35 a month which
sounds like a lot but the value is
usually over $100 - like we get books
jewelry make barb scarves usually there
are like 60 or 70 dollars yeah like a
bath wrap thing we got a cute beach hat
I use my background by the way yeah I
use it a lot so it's it's $35 a month
but if you have that to like spend on a
service this is one of the really
SuperDuper fun ones yes right - it's
like a box with goodies you're not
committed to just jewelry or just makeup
all right you know it's every fully
replace awesome so it's it's good box
and honestly sometimes the heavy boxes
have really bizarre things in them and
you're like good like bouncing but yeah
even though balance ball one yeah and
that which is kind of so this is July I
think yes joy I'm sorry I hate something
I don't know what it is no no don't
don't peek don't peek
okay so it comes with oh oh we're
getting nail polish okay I just I saw it
on the back there you go you guys can
see it but it says the dog days of
summer or pond isn't just because we may
be searching for any way to eat I guess
he's maker definitely in our fashion
video entertaining routines have to
suffer this month we're sharing an
accessory that consummate any outfit a
beauty product doing triple duty a
refreshing beverage who's taken above
anymore
let's try a snack we absolutely cannot
ever go
oh my gosh oh my gosh Mohawk is freaking
out
it's hey des brumes gold oh yes I guess
it is hey it's funky night what a change
I have to but every time I see you look
super cheap cheap this is so pretty
I need water people we're talking about
being excited by I know it I just know
you just know it I just know it
oh my god I know how it works out there
it's a lair
yeah I couldn't get it twisted I'm so
excited oh just going like this on
trigger put it on me now put it on you
man but it goes well with my Tigers
Tigers make stuff yeah Tigers getting so
hashtag gangster Tiger gang stuff Tiger
we're gonna have a hashtag for every
video yeah and you guys just have to
taste good tiger oh oh my gosh I'm so
excited about these our friend Dana
Lilly golly went to eight had this
posted on her Facebook page and I was
like that looks amazing
I love bauble bar I've never really
bought anything there oh what's in here
Randolph Oh cute packing a bubble bar it
really is so nice and this would make it
travel really well yeah I'm gonna keep
it in here and I'm gonna take it with us
on our trip okay crunchy cookie chips
you can give it to me tastes like a
cookie eats like a chip and that's one
two in it does that look like yes oh my
gosh
okay what is that okay monitor please
get on my nails
yes similar yeah that's the other thing
I like about this lick you get the same
stuff so it's like you can't be jelly of
your friend
all right whoa uh I'm excited I plug in
to have enough purples this is like a
great and then the color
oh yeah look like a grape I when I said
grape I mean like a great purple I never
that's cute
or wouldn't it be great purple purple
purple
so yeah as if but it's from in CLA I'm
not excited about this I'm not gonna lie
I'm really not excited about this well
there's one thing else never do SPF 30
sunscreen I mean it's so much sunscreen
right now botanist in our
Birchbox but in a sample size
yeah in sample size can you have too
much you can't especially plan a trip to
the beach this is it good it's got a
year cool
dr. T's super-goof anti aging UV damage
repair complex so we'll take it one
minute share being free and fragrance
and oxybenzone free I think that I don't
like excited about it but it's not bad
yeah it's a useful product I don't know
what this is
King cube tray so you make like you
could do like one cube per drink no like
makes it really bad yeah bring high-end
style into your glass without diluting
your cocktail crisps stylish cubes I
guess so this such a big cube it doesn't
melt as fastly ha
extra large cubes melt slower keeping
drinks cold longer with less dilution
for extra Flair and flavor add fruit
berries mint leaves and more that's
really cool because it's so big you can
get a whole strawberry and yeah tell you
a really pretty fun that's really cool
if we did like entertaining that'd be
really perfect
I don't know this is the drink the iced
tea
Calypso mango Scott I like iced tea I
bet I'm like I gotta like Monty I don't
either
think man I found this thank you I
didn't need sweet animal
hello sweetie we haven't been sweetie no
really long time and I just feel like
first summer is the perfect break
nothing why it's a small box it is a
small box but I absolutely love our
necklace I love the nail polish I'm kind
of not sure how this one's gonna be such
a high value you don't I'm saying
because it's supposed to be might hold
the ball part of itself was like 30
bucks yeah
not sure the value but we will have it
listed down below for you guys I'm sorry
we didn't get as excited as we normally
do but really like a bauble bar no five
cookies is 120 yeah I think I would like
some other place that would too but I
don't know if it have that looks like
some sugar peanut butter and stuff my
whole life really good yeah
really tastes like chocolate more tastes
like a crispy crunchy brownie
yeah oh it doesn't have a bitterness and
dark chocolate I don't know we're gonna
ban let us know if you got this posture
department yeah we want to know and what
you think but our favorite was the
bubble bar and the nail polish and the I
loved it the cookies were really good
and really loved the ball bar I really
want to buy more stuff for involved I
really like bolivars don't find ourself
ordering from there I need to yeah okay
guys so give a thumbs up if you enjoy
these videos definitely do don't forget
to check out those videos on the side
over there we put them here for you
click the lonely little subscribe button
cuz it wants to be loved
now I'm gonna go brush my teeth and
we're gonna talk to all you guys
bye guys